Gwenevere Abriel: You gotta flip that phone on its other side one side probably goes to work and and the other one probably know
Lauren Anderson: It's funny, depending on the day a different
Gwenevere Abriel: Song right
Gwenevere Abriel: It's so funny.
Gwenevere Abriel: It is about moods. Who knew
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'm going to open up a note here um how see is it snowy out there. What's like over there.
Lauren Anderson: No, I mean we just thought the weather. Cool pretty quickly over the weekend and then Monday we did get snow didn't really fit much in Albuquerque.
Lauren Anderson: But the mountains were covered the next day.
Lauren Anderson: It's we still have a real cool breeze, but otherwise it's pretty warm out now again.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, so I want to ask you something. You remember the end of our session last time we met. Do you remember kind of the content a little bit
Um,
Lauren Anderson: Yeah, little we're talking
Lauren Anderson: About
Lauren Anderson: A fixed fixed mindset versus fluent mine says that right
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: Right now you're thinking of
Lauren Anderson: Nervousness that what you mean. Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: So what I'm hearing you say is you remembering pieces of a group topic. Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you mean, last time we met.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, ma'am.
Lauren Anderson: Alone. I'm right. We were gonna do that experiment with talking
Lauren Anderson: I failed miserably I failed to even remember to do it when I'm around people. It's just, and I couldn't. I knew I was
Lauren Anderson: And I couldn't even stop myself and it's, it is nervous, where I can't even breathe. I'm talking for so long, so fast, like on a walk. If I invite my friend Tim
Lauren Anderson: I'm talking the whole time going up a steep hill and Denali likes to go fast. She pulled me up that you'll know like
Lauren Anderson: And it's like calisthenics, I guess, or like cross training, you know, or something. I look like as if I were doing this, while running, you know, kind of thing. The talking because I'm so much harder to breeze.
Lauren Anderson: So it's, it's ridiculous. But no, I just didn't even think of it. I mean, until later, you know, after the fact, I failed miserably.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, I don't. Here's the thing. We can't fail at something that we didn't remember. So let me check in on that just a little bit more
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you remember in group.
Gwenevere Abriel: It was your turn, and it was around growth mindset versus fixed mindset and you shared
Gwenevere Abriel: And, um,
Lauren Anderson: Yeah.
Lauren Anderson: You remember the questions we wrote down right
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, ma'am. Yes. Yes. Do you remember
Gwenevere Abriel: Feeling cut off by me. Do you remember feeling cut off.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, really.
Gwenevere Abriel: No. Okay. Um, I did. I cut you off. I did it. And I wondered, because I knew what what what a kind of this goal was, and I didn't know if you wanted me
Gwenevere Abriel: To help shorten because remember your you wanted five words. And I was like, I don't know how you're going to do that.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's words.
Gwenevere Abriel: Like 10. I'm like, let's do 10 and you're like, No, I want five and it was like Okay, so here's, here's what the note from growth looks like.
Gwenevere Abriel: Again, we're talking about gabapentin sir cool to 75 million rounds know rumination. I just wake up and can I bet you were talking to the doc before I got there. Oh.
Lauren Anderson: You know 75 milligrams. I have not taken that before I noted that I needed to go to pick up
Gwenevere Abriel: Laura.
Lauren Anderson: Sorry.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hold on just a second. We're talking about talking not about milligrams, just two seconds. Hold on, two seconds.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm trying to read this. So group modality goal with up, up, up, up, up. And then we got on client hearing feedback from other ah ok I am neutral.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I think I asked.
Gwenevere Abriel: What could I have done differently. So I asked those questions right I say on, what could you
Gwenevere Abriel: How do you perceive a sense of failure using that word failure quite deliberately because it's not a word that I think is a healthy one so much but I'm using it because that's how a lot of people think
Gwenevere Abriel: Once I wanted to see how that might land on a piece of paper and you said visiting Dr.
Gwenevere Abriel: Discussion a client looking into getting advice from our support one client hearing here I am neutral. Okay, so I checked in with you and you were like, well, I feel neutral about whatever was being talked about in group.
Gwenevere Abriel: And states one action could have been too. Oh, and you were offering a suggestion for someone, which is to map out everything that needed to be done.
Gwenevere Abriel: In order to have attainable goals you kind of like something sounds like somebody was saying about maybe mapping it out.
Lauren Anderson: Um, I, I did comment at the end that I really liked. I think his name's Ray.
Lauren Anderson: I'm
Lauren Anderson: The guy figure fellow with glasses.
Lauren Anderson: You had said.
Lauren Anderson: Something to the effect of, pick one thing and follow it through.
Yes.
Lauren Anderson: And it could it could apply it, you know, to maybe it's more than just one, but, you know, specific things that you really want to, but I like that idea.
Lauren Anderson: Those questions yes failed versus done differently. I had responded positively in the first one, under what do you think you failed out. That's why it was kind of
Lauren Anderson: So then it said, I answered. The second one that was kind of more of a positive thinking when I responded to the first question after I realized that responded to that one in a positive mindset.
Lauren Anderson: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: It does. Um, and yet the the activity was intentional on my part. It was to access that negative self talk. It was to get into it.
Gwenevere Abriel: To get above any kind of whether it's the right thing to say in a therapeutic environment was to go right into how our negative self talk how it sounds in there. So can we still visit it and see what comes up, if we really try
Gwenevere Abriel: And you can use the word fail, not because it's a word you would use, but because it might give us some insight into some negative self talk just as a point of exploration
Gwenevere Abriel: If you're going to do that assignment like right now looking at it now. I believe I have failed that and see if you can finish that sentence. Maybe write it down and see what you could write what would you right now.
Lauren Anderson: Big one
Lauren Anderson: Is
Lauren Anderson: How
Lauren Anderson: Dramatically heavily my personal life, my romantic life was affecting my every day. I'm
Lauren Anderson: goals and ambitions.
Lauren Anderson: Really duties.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let me let me hear that one complete. Can I, and I know it's a lot to ask, but this way I can hear how the causality lands in your mind. Can you say a full sentence.
Gwenevere Abriel: I think this caused this even though it's artificial just want to hear. Can you say one more time.
Lauren Anderson: More, more concisely.
Yes, ma'am.
Lauren Anderson: My romantic life.
Lauren Anderson: affected me so dramatically, emotionally, psychologically about
Lauren Anderson: It.
Lauren Anderson: And of course its cycle.
Gwenevere Abriel: Wait, wait, wait.
Lauren Anderson: Yes, the beginning my sentence. Again, I don't want to go so
Gwenevere Abriel: Here we go, my romantic life affected me dramatically, emotionally, psychologically, that it
Gwenevere Abriel: Keep breathing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Here we go. Beautiful. Beautiful.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right there, you've got this
Lauren Anderson: Can you read it again, please.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, ma'am. My romantic life affected me so dramatically emotionally and psychologically that it
Lauren Anderson: Eventually completely overpowered superseded anything else that was going on in my daily life.
Gwenevere Abriel: What was going on in your daily life.
Lauren Anderson: Dominated and then a envelop like consumed.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what was the daily life. I know just what was it like
Lauren Anderson: Going into class school. There we go. Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Education overpowered.
Gwenevere Abriel: My
Lauren Anderson: An occupational because I was teaching piano as well and tutoring.
Lauren Anderson: Math.
Lauren Anderson: Reading math for math classes, stuff like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: So notice what's missing from the sentence. You're going to hear it. Now my romantic life and is it romantic or is there some. How do we say, what is that an ad objective.
Lauren Anderson: Overall, I would call it hope hopelessly hopeful romantic is what I was some so many times. I was so optimistic and sure of it. Most of the times, a man didn't even know existed my views like
Lauren Anderson: My whole life.
Gwenevere Abriel: Am I optimistic romantic
Gwenevere Abriel: Life. My optimistic.
Lauren Anderson: So hopelessly hopeful romantic
Lauren Anderson: Is what I called it
Gwenevere Abriel: About we call hopelessly hope. Oh.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So listen closely.
Lauren Anderson: Didn't really define what was going on.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Hold on a sec.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, listen, there's still something missing. You're going to hear it, but you're going to have to hear it in order to pick up what's missing. You ready, here comes
Gwenevere Abriel: My hopelessly hopeful romantic life affected me dramatically, emotionally, psychologically that eventually it completely overpowered my education and occupational
Lauren Anderson: Crime, I would take consumed it completely consumed my educational and occupational goals.
Lauren Anderson: And duties or obligations goals and obligations.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, we knew there was something missing. And I kind of turned my voice up a little bit and you caught it nicely done. And I did. I took out L overpowered and I'm putting in, I
Lauren Anderson: Really consumed.
Lauren Anderson: In the end,
Lauren Anderson: And it's cyclic, you know, of course, look, because it wasn't the same object from most young age to now, you know, of course.
Lauren Anderson: Said cyclic
Lauren Anderson: But that was always the eventual effect.
Lauren Anderson: Really interfering just just destructive.
Lauren Anderson: The big yeah distraction, you know, a big very big distraction.
Lauren Anderson: But
Gwenevere Abriel: I hopelessly hopeful romantic life affected me
Lauren Anderson: I wouldn't say my hopeless romantic life my mindset or
Lauren Anderson: My eaten see
Lauren Anderson: Well, emotionally
Lauren Anderson: Came from a young age.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know, but I don't know what to replace. Here we go. You want me to take out my or leave my
Lauren Anderson: Life life. I don't think is my hopelessly helpful romantic not life either mindset.
Lauren Anderson: Or emotional self but just the way I am. Does that make sense. It's not my life. So it's not the my actual
Gwenevere Abriel: Relationship with these people.
Lauren Anderson: Or something. It's more of a internal obsession thing.
Okay, here we go.
Gwenevere Abriel: I changed it. We're going to hear it again. See if you like it, see if this really lands. True. And we get to refine it and refine it again and refine it again until it matches spot on with your truth. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So here we go. Listen closely my hopelessly hopeful romantic mindset affected me dramatically, emotionally, psychologically that eventually completely consumed my education and occupational goals and obligations.
Lauren Anderson: Hmm.
Lauren Anderson: Yeah. Yeah. And I think at the end my life, not just my goals and obligations just
Lauren Anderson: I eat my life right
Lauren Anderson: That's a little more complicated than just my goals and, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: tune in. I'm going to say it again. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is your truth. Let's see if it lands. True.
Gwenevere Abriel: My hopelessly hopeful romantic mindset affected me dramatically, emotionally, psychologically, eventually it completely consumed my educational occupational goals obligations and my life.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah okay so now when we step back from that amazing statement.
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you make of your mindset.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's your opinion of your mindset.
Lauren Anderson: I'm comfortable with it. It's mine. I like myself. I love myself, you know, but I
Lauren Anderson: The years with my step mom.
Lauren Anderson: Because it's such a time, I mean they got married into my sixth grade year, and she really completely changed the one at from so cool and loving the nice to
Lauren Anderson: Daily abusive. And so that was kind of it, compounded on my natural self but so my natural style. Something I comfortable with and I love and I learned very early age accepted.
Lauren Anderson: But
Lauren Anderson: Well,
Lauren Anderson: With a side story with that, but I don't like you're off track. But so my my step mom, I think.
Lauren Anderson: It kind of changed the direction that that was taking a that I think set me up for much more tragic circumstances because I was pretty much looking back dating guys that were the psychological profile and abuse style was like her to a tee. Yeah, so
Lauren Anderson: That with my mindset, it, it was just one tragic thing after another.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, ma'am. Yes, I know.
Lauren Anderson: The heart breaks, you know,
Lauren Anderson: I didn't see it. Then, of course,
Lauren Anderson: But
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's tune in here. I want you to look at me and I know you don't know me and I haven't earned your trust yet. I'm going to work on that. But do you recognize even a glimmer of things that look like step mom did you catch something I want to know about it. If you did.
Lauren Anderson: Not consciously not
Gwenevere Abriel: On okay if it comes up. I want to know. You can take that chance and find out how I do you can test me can say, oof, that little thing you do with your hair or the way your eyes look just now. That's what she used to do.
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Lauren Anderson: I can tell you, like you love me and you care about me and everything. So it's Terrapins I can tell it's you can easily. You know, like the psychic vampire type, you can usually tell when someone's attacking you, you know,
Lauren Anderson: Yeah, totally. It's
Lauren Anderson: So yeah no I I'll let you know though.
Lauren Anderson: I bet my friends, but I get a good feeling from
Lauren Anderson: Seeing that at all. Yeah, but
Gwenevere Abriel: Probably it will come, but it'll come
Gwenevere Abriel: Unconscious, right, it'll be something like, I don't know what just happened. You may like catch it in the feeling reaction about a second later, it might be, I don't know why that I really don't want to talk to you right now. You might say to me.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I might rewind it and say okay okay hold on to that don't run away. Stay there.
Lauren Anderson: Down in front of you.
Lauren Anderson: Yeah, I've done that in front of people like piano teachers before besides my main one shut down completely.
Lauren Anderson: Shut down
Lauren Anderson: And the only way to deal with it kind of
Gwenevere Abriel: And good to have that self preservation and so it's in preservation. It's in the service of the self. It's keeping that ego safe that sense in
Lauren Anderson: Romance isn't involved it
Lauren Anderson: easier for me to shut down, or at least walk away, not to subject myself to it, but I get the blinders on. When it's someone I'm in love with Twitter painted by obsessed with
Gwenevere Abriel: Tune in let's tune in now and check in with your body and see. I mean with you. I'm going to check in on my body. I'm going to see how I'm doing just sort of
Gwenevere Abriel: My eyes are closed and not looking at you in fact i'm i'm looking off to the side and I'm tuning in, I'm doing a body scan on paying attention and you do the same if you can, and just
Gwenevere Abriel: Just tune in and see how you're doing. So, you know, the top of your head, the forehead right behind the eyes and ears even awareness into the mouth and into the throat.
Gwenevere Abriel: Notice the shoulders, the chest.
Gwenevere Abriel: How is that breathing. Is it short and rapid just tuning in, pay attention to the muscles of the arms.
Gwenevere Abriel: Pay attention as that tracking and awareness moves down through the belly.
Gwenevere Abriel: Pay attention to your arms.
Gwenevere Abriel: noticing any shifts and changes in the hands
Gwenevere Abriel: Paying attention to your seat phones, where that support that's holding you up right how it meets your sit bones ritterbusch into the legs, the knees calves.
Gwenevere Abriel: The ankles and the feet.
Gwenevere Abriel: just tuning in
Gwenevere Abriel: To how your body is doing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is it tense somewhere and relaxed in another place.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is it on guard. Does it need to is it proceeding threat, can it relax. Can it allow gravity to let the shoulders come down a little.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just to rely on that pole that pulls us all to the center of this planet.
Gwenevere Abriel: Pay attention to your breathing in your tummy. See how it's doing with this invitation to just turn inward.
Gwenevere Abriel: just tuning in, aware
Gwenevere Abriel: Again and again
Gwenevere Abriel: Your perception.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is the most important thing
Gwenevere Abriel: It's valued.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's critical
Gwenevere Abriel: To your survival and knowing what the next best thing to do is for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is your awareness.
Gwenevere Abriel: And when you're ready, just kind of open your eyes. Just a little model, the way just kind of kick a peek at me and know that I'm here. There's another human over here.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm not judging you. I'm only curious. I only care and want to know, because I cannot read minds and I don't know how your body's feeling
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm curious to know how you're doing when you're ready to the degree that you're ready, just that awareness that I'm here. Just open your eyes even a little bit to take in. There is another
Lauren Anderson: My body feels pretty relaxed, I noticed my hands started to feel lighter like more weightless. After I continued breathing slowly especially my my fingers started to bend a little bit, you know, fold down a little and good just got light lighter fluffy floating a little
Lauren Anderson: Um, I have a bruise. I dropped something heavy
Lauren Anderson: With some corner. I can't even remember what it was. I'm probably a heavy backpack from a walk with Ali Baba, my foot. So I've got a bad night. But I'm taught. So I can feel that 13 under my shoe.
Lauren Anderson: Other than that.
My body.
Lauren Anderson: Is a surprisingly all everything feels pretty good. I've had a headache. The last two days. Not today, but the day before the day before that until I went to bed.
Lauren Anderson: An hour
Gwenevere Abriel: Notice foreign not notice, Lauren.
Gwenevere Abriel: The words right that you're saying. And then notice just the contrast to know words while you
Gwenevere Abriel: Were in that introspection notice there were no words out loud may have been in some inside and now there's words just just just sit with both of those existing like right up next to each other before there were none and now their words and their stories.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just hold that for a second.
Gwenevere Abriel: See if you can see
Gwenevere Abriel: What's different about when there were no words when you weren't talking and now it's time to talk you ask the question, what's different between then and now.
Lauren Anderson: I'm sure my heart rates going up my palms get sweaty my fingers stop building light, of course, I get tension my arms and shoulders, neck,
Lauren Anderson: Yeah.
Lauren Anderson: Feel More like I'm about to cry, and it's harder to breathe.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because I got an idea. What is the problem was me. What if it's because I asked a question, what if the problem was I ignited that because I imposed. How are you feeling question. What if
Lauren Anderson: Instead wasn't sure if you wanted a response or if you are wanting me to think about your question. So I guess I was unclear on that. So, but I kind of didn't want to talk, since I know that's what I'm trying to work on. But play it safe and just continue breathing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so maybe. Yeah, maybe. What I can do differently is but next time we do something like that where I invite
Gwenevere Abriel: Sort of that meditative state or that sort of, hey, I'm going to relax my muscles. I just want to get centered. I want to feel grounded like one of those exercises.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe what I'll do is this. Well, you can always correct me. But instead of asking you a question of well, and how is that body feeling which may put pressure on you, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: What if I say nothing, and you just unfold on your own and you decide to talk or would that be more stressful.
Lauren Anderson: I kind of like the guided maybe something in the middle like I kind of like you guiding it but and all the same suggestions, but maybe I just a slower rate.
Lauren Anderson: Like to say the suggestion. And then we have like
Lauren Anderson: You know, do that, breathing thing and you could start me on that. The reason one to just to remind me, and then you know and do that a few times, or maybe even just want and then your next phrase, I don't know, something like that, maybe
Lauren Anderson: Nice and then maybe have a key or like a code word to know when you're ready for me to start coming out and asked me a question actually want an answer like a peachy keen or something like that, just to know that we're time to come on meditation, talk about it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Love it. So here's what I heard. This is so cool. Number one, I can slow my rate, I can do that. I can absolutely
Lauren Anderson: Suggestions yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: I love it. And then also, we're going to have a transition. You and I are going to agree that that Transition. Transition to then I'm going to be talking about my internal experience. It needs a transition and I wish I had. And I want to buy one thing
Gwenevere Abriel: You know those things well.
Lauren Anderson: Like a wine glass with up
Gwenevere Abriel: Or something. Oh, do I have
Lauren Anderson: Or even a word would be all right, too.
Lauren Anderson: But yeah, if I get really into it. I might not hear a word as easily as a tone.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to buy. I'm going to buy something and I've been meaning to it. I just got a great excuse
Gwenevere Abriel: To get a little miniature gongs
Lauren Anderson: You know what I mean.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know I wonder
Lauren Anderson: I wonder if they make a cool sound.
Gwenevere Abriel: They put it under control.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what I've learned is, I'm going to have a code word or a sound and I'll keep up, keep playing with that. But for now, it might be after I kind of we brought ourselves to this guided meditation, it might be something like
Lauren Anderson: Yeah, sure.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then you. This is the difference. This is really, really key. I, I don't talk I stay shushed
Lauren Anderson: You after I after the
Gwenevere Abriel: After the day the key. I notice I'm not going to start with my questions. I think that's going to be an important part
Lauren Anderson: Where you already know the what we're responding to. Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: You get to decide what you're going to share. When you're ready, no pressure you do
Lauren Anderson: Maybe that's the things when I can start to think about the words I want to use, but keep wise like I'm still meditation, but now I'm for me, my response my reflection.
Gwenevere Abriel: Reflection yes the psychological part of for me is this and I already told you, I'm quite transparent and I will always educate and narrate what's going on. And so what's happening. The reason I want to do this is because
Gwenevere Abriel: Someone coming at you with demands to explain yourself when you've been traumatized with that kind of inquiry or something coming at you, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't want to repeat that trauma, so I don't want to be that again to you. So I'm hoping to not be that although I'm here. I was then guiding because you were able to actually
Gwenevere Abriel: You went quiet and and talk all the way through the meditation. So I saw them. Like, that's interesting. So she can
Gwenevere Abriel: Be quiet, and then as soon as I started asking a question and it was off right then it's all these thoughts. These words come in.
Lauren Anderson: But I'm thinking about once I open my mouth and start talking
Lauren Anderson: It's hard.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, let's see. Let's see if I don't impose the pressure, the demand that you share my question, right. Let's see what happens when it's just
Lauren Anderson: Well, I noticed, I guess I have to reflect on kind of what just happened. Instead of the meditation.
Lauren Anderson: I noticed that once we started talking I got crouched down with my hands between my legs and I'm all sweaty now right there. And my legs and my hands.
Lauren Anderson: And I'm all I was all tensed up until you ring the bell, and then, you know, I started being quiet and just breathing the thinking. Um, but yeah, it's slowly. I must have slowly gone to that position from ending the meditation, like this.
Lauren Anderson: So yeah noticeably just much
Lauren Anderson: Better. I don't know that my heart rate was really going up. I think it's more when I start to talk unless someone's you know being noticeably really mean or something.
Lauren Anderson: Or aggressive like
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me see if I if I can imagine what it is you're doing. So I don't know if you can see me in this chair.
Lauren Anderson: Yeah, I don't know. I get to sit down and see. Let's see your knees like my my hands were I guess like under my neither band. I'm sitting on my piano bench. So my legs much at
Lauren Anderson: A 90 degree angle.
Gwenevere Abriel: You see me.
Lauren Anderson: Yeah, you got it back up a little bit.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yep. So, my hands are they in here. Perfect legs like this.
Lauren Anderson: Sorry there crossed
Lauren Anderson: And they're tucked underneath your knees holding your thighs underneath.
Lauren Anderson: Your legs or your legs are not crossed
Lauren Anderson: Okay.
Lauren Anderson: flat on the ground.
Lauren Anderson: LIKE THIS BEFORE 90 degree angle as if you were playing piano. I'm sitting on my piano bench so
Gwenevere Abriel: I am. If I were to bring up straight down like this, or straight
Lauren Anderson: Yeah. Then you grab your, your server this direction, you grab your thighs like that right underneath.
Lauren Anderson: Right underneath right at the bend.
Lauren Anderson: Your pointer fingers.
Lauren Anderson: And I got my thumbs on the inner outside. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's turn your attention to your hands.
Gwenevere Abriel: Together.
Lauren Anderson: They're all squeezed in at the shoulders and arms and bending forward to
Lauren Anderson: And squeezing with your hands.
Lauren Anderson: On the legs. I don't know my my toes, actually.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So now I feel like I'm bracing myself for something
Lauren Anderson: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: How do you feel
Lauren Anderson: defense mechanism or something, I don't know. Yeah, it's a very uncomfortably socially I when I start talking
Lauren Anderson: Well,
Gwenevere Abriel: Lauren
Gwenevere Abriel: I can do all that I'm literally mean my body. I feel like I'm literally bracing myself for another like hit
Lauren Anderson: Yeah, I've never been physically abused to just
Gwenevere Abriel: All right.
What
Gwenevere Abriel: How does your body feel when you're in this position. I want to know about your body
Lauren Anderson: I'm opens up everything stuff look quite I'm on my toes. Now,
Lauren Anderson: Yeah, with my leg for flex
Gwenevere Abriel: So if, if I stay in this position, I can tell that my internal organs are protected. I feel like this is the most I can do to protect myself. And as soon as I lift my head up in my back straightens I feel like all this is exposed and I feel vulnerable. How about you.
Lauren Anderson: If you open it up now. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. So let's go back into it looks crouched over together. Let's raise ourselves and get into that really get into that position, hands tight on my arm on my toes and my my toes. I'm on my toes. My heads down
Gwenevere Abriel: What is it that we're bracing ourselves for first response. What is it,
Lauren Anderson: Repeated a dynamic experience of what happened with my step mom trying to solve it with my lover's whatever picking that type
Gwenevere Abriel: Of analysis. Stay here. All right.
Lauren Anderson: Well,
Lauren Anderson: my stepmom made it. So now whenever I am talking with someone around someone I
Lauren Anderson: automatically respond to any social situation.
Lauren Anderson: I get automatically in that mode is if I'm
Lauren Anderson: Going to be attacked. Whether or not I perceive, it's going to happen.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's analysis. So,
Lauren Anderson: Here's
Gwenevere Abriel: Here's the tricky bit Lauren
Gwenevere Abriel: Have you seen anything in group or maybe in here that I won't know how to analyze. What do you think, do you think I've got the got what it takes to analyze
Lauren Anderson: And to help me and everything. Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so if there's enough trust there then
Gwenevere Abriel: You're paying me might as well let me do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: You only need. You don't have to do all the analysis. So I think it's just a moment. I'm now I'm doing it with these men. You don't have to do that. Not, not in here.
Lauren Anderson: Because that's what you're asking.
No.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, I'm not.
Gwenevere Abriel: Doing. Oh, no, no.
Lauren Anderson: That's why I'm doing that.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, no, I didn't listen this is really different. This kind of work that you and I are going to do. It's not like other stuff. When I say, How did, what are you bracing yourself for I want to know the first thing that comes to mind. Most people, it would be something like this.
Gwenevere Abriel: I hit. What kind of a hit the next nasty criticism, that's going to come from my step mom. Ah, OK. You see it.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's what I'm looking for your first response not analysis already know you're an incredibly intelligent analytical woman, but I'm interested in what that body is is bracing itself for I'll do all the analysis, you don't have to do that. I already know you can analyze it, of course.
Lauren Anderson: So you're asking what I think physically what this means.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well,
Gwenevere Abriel: You're almost no no it's you're almost there. So when you heard me do that thing I did where I got in the same position and I shared with you how I felt.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you remember that that wasn't analysis. I literally said my body.
Gwenevere Abriel: My body feels like it's bracing itself for something that's I literally told you how I felt. That's what I'm looking for. I want to know you. In the moment I don't want analysis.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm not worried about that part. You and I work that part out later. I want to know what it feels like to be in that position. So these come fast. So one more time. Learn it will be instantaneous that first response will happen if a second is this long it'll be this big, it happens.
Gwenevere Abriel: That fast. And then, oh, well, now maybe it's because my mom and a half. And now I did it with all these men and you're going to end up saying all that. But the part that I want is that very first
Gwenevere Abriel: Response and you might only know it in the body. You might know it in maybe an image that flashes or a smell that might come quickly or you might know it in a sound. You might know it in
Gwenevere Abriel: A body somatic clenching relief, but it'll be remember this. This is a second. The stuff I want is in that very first fraction of that second
Gwenevere Abriel: Not in all that analysis, you and I can get to that later. Okay. I want to know. So let's do it again. Let me do it again. I'm going to sit here and I want you to tell me the first thing that comes to mind when you get in that position.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I crossover, and I go in. I'm, I'm on my toes and hunched over, and for me, I'm feeling
Gwenevere Abriel: Like, I will bear down and get through this morning. What are you experiencing as you get in this position.
Lauren Anderson: I just don't even know I'm not sure what what what do you like what am I just don't know.
Lauren Anderson: Okay.
Lauren Anderson: I have to think on it or something.
Lauren Anderson: Oh,
Lauren Anderson: Give you how
Lauren Anderson: Am I supposed to have a one word response. Number one,
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Lauren Anderson: I know the first thing we've been thinking about it, talking about too much. Now I
Lauren Anderson: Have to think about it.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, yeah, let's do some quiet lets you and I. Let's do that meditative
Lauren Anderson: We really don't want to do this.
Lauren Anderson: Please. I don't want to do this right now, please.
Gwenevere Abriel: turn inward turn inward. Let's go to that relaxed state that you enjoyed earlier. Okay, let's do that one.
Lauren Anderson: I don't want to answer that the
Lauren Anderson: Half day whatever we're just doing though. Please don't.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let it go learn. I just said we let it go turn inward you doing you can't do your part wrong can't
Gwenevere Abriel: You're the client. It's only my misstep it's always going to be me. You just do you and you stood up and you're protecting your sacred space and we're going to just go to feel safe.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's breathe together.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then exhale, letting it all go letting that stomach, go go go go flat.
Gwenevere Abriel: We're going to inhale into a full belly on 321 and hold it. Hold it, hold it and let's exhale out the mouth. Let it go.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hold it out for another beat another one, another one. Let's bring it into the nose, inhaling through the nose.
Gwenevere Abriel: Exhale, all of it out.
Gwenevere Abriel: And if you can keep that breathing going I want to continue
Gwenevere Abriel: To invite it everything
Gwenevere Abriel: Is peachy keen
Gwenevere Abriel: You are doing you beautifully honestly genuine
Gwenevere Abriel: Feeling again that temperature in your room as it meets your skin just paying attention to it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Noticing sounds maybe little feet little
Gwenevere Abriel: Nails hitting the floor or some other sound from outside. You hear it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then maybe it's gone.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe hear something from my side.
Gwenevere Abriel: I have a trombone in the background. Maybe you can hear that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Committee, you hear my voice.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe you can feel this sense of heart in your own body.
Gwenevere Abriel: Narrative is
Gwenevere Abriel: Beating
Gwenevere Abriel: Paying attention to your breath.
Gwenevere Abriel: And there you are just breathing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just aware, having to do nothing, having nothing to change.
Gwenevere Abriel: Perfect.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just as you are.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can't do you wrong.
Gwenevere Abriel: Not, not you.
Gwenevere Abriel: No one else knows how to do it like you
Gwenevere Abriel: Just you.
Gwenevere Abriel: So much sadness.
Gwenevere Abriel: So much
Gwenevere Abriel: Right here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just holding it.
Lauren Anderson: To be rude.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, no.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sounds like you're having a sad moment. That sounds honest.
Lauren Anderson: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Nobody thinks you're rude.
Lauren Anderson: owns my emotions started automatically. I just start thinking of my my sadness, it just starts go into my all things that
Lauren Anderson: You know, can really
Lauren Anderson: So that wasn't bad at all actually cried out for a minute. Honestly, I feel it's over. I can't believe I stopped crying like that actually
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, yeah, so take it. Take a peek at me.
Lauren Anderson: I'm here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, you did that you did that.
Gwenevere Abriel: You made it through that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Didn't have to jump over it. We didn't have to do anything but we held it together. I, I, I stayed here.
Lauren Anderson: Thank
Gwenevere Abriel: Thank you. Stay there too.
Gwenevere Abriel: In depth not
Gwenevere Abriel: Completely overwhelm you. You've dipped in you felt it and you came back.
Lauren Anderson: very uncommon with me though. Yeah, I'm surprised myself.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. So I say let's schedule another appointment.
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you think
Lauren Anderson: I yeah totally.
Gwenevere Abriel: I am
Lauren Anderson: I still haven't I really need to stop putting it off, but I still haven't gotten my insurance stuff.
Lauren Anderson: Back and good
Lauren Anderson: Standing or whatever. So can we still keep it once a week, but I would like, once my insurance goes through to up it
Gwenevere Abriel: Absolutely, absolutely.
Gwenevere Abriel: All we need more intensive stuff on the front end and then then once we get that sort of
Gwenevere Abriel: Emotion regulation skills down, then it's like, no, I got this. I can be with you once a week. Okay, now let's talk about the insurance for some people they they won't hold themselves accountable and they want that sort of
Gwenevere Abriel: Parent figure to nudge, nudge, nudge, I can be that, for if you want the national Coach, if you want me to never bring it up. I can never bring it up. How can I be helpful in you getting your insurance.
Lauren Anderson: Um, you know, I was kind of thinking about, like, if I wanted to actually set tangible like physical, material goals with with you and have us like as part of part of our
Lauren Anderson: Group like my homework, kind of thing. Yeah.
Lauren Anderson: What from our sessions. Can I think on it now that now you verbalize it. To let me think on it for the weekend. Alright, cool.
Lauren Anderson: So for anything on that position to lead response.
Lauren Anderson: Okay, maybe like halfway through the week or something when
Lauren Anderson: It's clean slate of it, try it again.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm so I'm looking at next week.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, can it be at one o'clock on
Gwenevere Abriel: Thursday, April 23 I think 110
Gwenevere Abriel: I get concerned and these afternoon hours that I'm going to end up being late to you guys. So I think I'd like to make it on purpose. A little later.
Gwenevere Abriel: So Lauren 110 on April 23rd, set your alarm, I would give yourself half hour to 45 because I've been listening, it takes a long time for people to get into through the virtual clinic and it's helpful. I've noticed people have said, oh, I didn't know that.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can actually do that. BAM thing in the morning like or even the day before.
Gwenevere Abriel: You really want to know.
Lauren Anderson: You could get completely forgot on Monday.
Lauren Anderson: Oh,
Lauren Anderson: When I was telling them so
Gwenevere Abriel: What I'm telling what i'm saying is I'm trying to say clients have liked knowing that they can get the Bam Done way ahead of their appointment, because they don't want to be hurried having to do it right before the session.
Lauren Anderson: Some people. I do it before this appointment also
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes.
Lauren Anderson: Yes, and before the group. Yes, he yeah
Yeah.
Lauren Anderson: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Then you can
Lauren Anderson: I'm sorry, I didn't even know I had
Lauren Anderson: I was doing it for the individual also
Lauren Anderson: consulted the weekly survey.
Gwenevere Abriel: On yeah so
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me, let me put a pin in just for a second. Just, just for a second.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know. I don't actually know if bright heart health wants this.
Gwenevere Abriel: Brief addiction monitor done. I don't know what I'm trying to offer right now is supposed to be in service to you, but if it's adding confusion that I apologize.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm just trying to say if you're managing your time in a particular way, you may want if you wanted to, you could do that. Bam. Sunday.
Gwenevere Abriel: Get it done, if you wanted to. I don't know whether they want long before you meet with me. I'm going to be very honest I don't actually know.
Lauren Anderson: I'll ask them next time, if I remember
Lauren Anderson: I actually had a couple questions about them.
Lauren Anderson: Okay, about the questions in it, so. Okay, the question.
Lauren Anderson: About. Have you used opiates in the past week is that question also referring to buprenorphine or that's a different thing. Okay, so I, that's what I thought the answer no to that and then
Lauren Anderson: It asks, have you been using over the counter things. I just want to let you know that's occasionally I take an Extra Strength Tylenol for headaches and excedrin migraine bill usually put one one of each, and see
Gwenevere Abriel: What's it. That's basically it.
Lauren Anderson: Just so you know what what what I'm answering their when asked if I've used illicit drugs. It's the marijuana. That's my daily
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, no worries. No worries, and to and and also to add information. I don't know if you know this,
Gwenevere Abriel: Most people don't I look so rarely at the brief addiction. I'm sorry, I've got a spasm. I'm a writer.
Gwenevere Abriel: I look so rarely at your brief addiction monitor that truly your doctors looking at them every time you go to group. I am going to be very candid with you.
Gwenevere Abriel: About once every three months.
Lauren Anderson: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you tell me. Listen here, when these are important and I want you looking at them. I'll do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I'll do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Otherwise,
Lauren Anderson: Otherwise, but someone's monitoring I'm every week, but
Gwenevere Abriel: This what you and I are doing
Gwenevere Abriel: This is hard stuff as it is. OK.
Gwenevere Abriel: So Maya. Yeah, this is where the work is happening in the psychotherapy right in here in what we're doing what you did today powerful
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, but if you tell me. No, I want if I'm going to do this darn thing I want you to look at it, then I'll do it.
Lauren Anderson: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, my dear. I look forward to seeing you in groups. And then we have our individual schedule.
Gwenevere Abriel: Good.
Lauren Anderson: One more question. Yeah. I, since I, I didn't really do the experiment. If you have any suggestions to help me actually remember when I'm around someone that I'm about to
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, with the five
Lauren Anderson: I couldn't. I didn't even remember it one time when I was around someone and started talking
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes. How about right now. Here's my suggestion when you leave me here today and what I'd like you to do is get in the habit of this, you're going to do that breath work that same belly breathing. But this time, you're going to be feeling your own
Gwenevere Abriel: Inhale. Exhale. Inhale. Exhale, and guess what this is also five words. Isn't it so you can also be doing this, while you're no one's going to see you down here and zoom you can be doing it.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to remember five words and you've already gotten in the habit breathing and you're already doing this on your finger and now you have these five words. So that's what it would look like this.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to routinely be doing. Inhale. Exhale.
Gwenevere Abriel: already doing it. So I'm already in the habit of this feeling of these five
Gwenevere Abriel: And because you pick five. It's so cool because I just thought, well, we have five fingers on one hand, and this breathing thing is often a technique for that. Inhale, exhale to slow ourselves down
Gwenevere Abriel: So if you are already in the habit of doing that. Now, let's say you do your experiment and you wait to do it in group when I'm there.
Gwenevere Abriel: You might do this, and no one will see you and you're like, oh, that fingers. I'm going to say five words. First I'm going to do my breathing and I'm doing it right now. You can't see me five.
Lauren Anderson: We can make it 10 also cuz you're going, I guess I
Lauren Anderson: Gotta
Gwenevere Abriel: Respond to her with five words and remember that I just remembered my five. Now I'm going to get my pencil and I'm gonna be like, Okay, no, she's going to ask me.
Gwenevere Abriel: she's not. She's asking everybody else should ask everybody else I know she's going to come to me. How do I do it succinct. I know she likes feeling so I feel
Gwenevere Abriel: irritated when others are in a fixed mindset irritated in fixed mindset I feel irritated.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then there you are, you're in it. You're doing it. You're slowing down. You're looking at the number of words. You're the one that wants it so tight but
Lauren Anderson: I would go with 1010 more reasonable once you
Lauren Anderson: Take any kind of clause or conjunction to explain yourself it's
Lauren Anderson: Your, your
Gwenevere Abriel: But look what it does, if, if this is what gets you to remember. Remember, it's this, it's this Brianna I've added this now. Here's five fingers. Oh, that's right. And you could do all 10 if you wanted to, but this might help you remember. Okay. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, it's time you see if I can do this thing. I'm going to go through the next hand. I'm going to try to keep it down, she I know she's going to call on me. She calls on everybody. So I want to give my feedback and I want to, I want to be concise me write it down.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then you write it down. And you can consolidate it and you pull it up. You say, I'm going to read from my paper, and here I go. I feel data and then if you want to be silly because I'll do this and grip. Sometimes I'll go
Lauren Anderson: Mm hmm.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because I'm a Gemini and, you know, although the doctor. Yeah. Do I get a word in edgewise. She'll say to me, and then I'll go. Whoops, or I'll mute myself.
Lauren Anderson: Just keep
Gwenevere Abriel: Running right
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, yeah. I can't meet you. I can't. But those are going to help you, you don't
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't think that would go, Well, I'm not going to do that, too, but
Lauren Anderson: You can be a third individual, by the way, Lauren, nobody
Lauren Anderson: Said afterwards.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't think that's going to help our poor very much if I'm muting
Gwenevere Abriel: You being cute though. But there's an idea. So when you're doing your, your belly breathing maybe
Gwenevere Abriel: Wow, that really slowed me down. I gotta tell you that that additional contact with my breath, I realized
Gwenevere Abriel: I had to slow way down. That was even too fast. I felt like I needed to slow my finger down a little bit.
Gwenevere Abriel: Me too. I just stopped the
Lauren Anderson: Top
Lauren Anderson: A couple times like
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's give that a shot. Maybe data. If you do this a few like even 10 times a day. This
Lauren Anderson: May be my own
Gwenevere Abriel: The on your own then
Gwenevere Abriel: It comes to I got a little note.
Gwenevere Abriel: Next to my appointment five words, I'm going to meet
Gwenevere Abriel: In group and it says five words, I'm gonna keep it to five words and then you've got that visual cue you'll do your breathing. I know she's going to call on me. Hey, I'll volunteer. I've got it in my head. Maybe I'll volunteer. Let me go first. You could do that.
Lauren Anderson: And I might get can we make it 10 I've been seeing from your examples to five really is a little too little.
Absolutely.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you need any, do you need me to message a doctor of any kind, or you already set all the way you have enough medicine to get you to your next service.
Lauren Anderson: Yep, I'm good.
Gwenevere Abriel: Very proud of you. You worked very hard today.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right. I'll talk to you later.
Lauren Anderson: Okay, well, good day.